ticdc: update scale out config (#13532)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-kafka.md

## Scale out the load of a single large table to multiple TiCDC nodes

> This feature splits the data replication range of a single large table into multiple ranges, according to the number of Regions and the number of modified rows per minute, and it makes the number of Regions and the number of modified rows replicated between these ranges approximately the same. This feature distributes these ranges to multiple TiCDC nodes for replication, so that multiple TiCDC nodes can replicate a large single table at the same time. This feature can solve the following two problems:

Author: ```suggestion
This feature splits the data replication range of a single large table into multiple ranges, according to the data volume and the number of modified rows per minute, and it makes the data volume and the number of modified rows replicated in each range approximately the same. This feature distributes these ranges to multiple TiCDC nodes for replication, so that multiple TiCDC nodes can replicate a large single table at the same time. This feature can solve the following two problems:
```

```toml
[scheduler]

> # The default value is "false". Set it to "true" to enable this feature.

Reviewer: To avoid making users feel it's a must step.
```suggestion
# The default value is "false". You can set it to "true" to enable this feature.
```

enable-table-across-nodes = true
# When you enable this feature, it only takes effect for tables with the number of regions greater than the `region-threshold` value.
region-threshold = 100000
# When you enable this feature, it takes effect for tables with the number of rows modified per minute greater than the `write-key-threshold` value.
# Note:

> # * The default value of `write-key-threshold` is 0, which means that the feature does not split the table replication range according the number of rows modified in a table by default.

Author: ```suggestion
# * The default value of `write-key-threshold` is 0, which means that the feature does not split the table replication range according to the number of rows modified in a table by default.
```

> # * You can configure this parameter according to the cluster workload. For example, if 30000 is configured, it means that the feature will split the replication range of a table when the number of modified rows per minute in the table exceeds 30000.

Author: ```suggestion
# * You can configure this parameter according to your cluster workload. For example, if it is configured as 30000, it means that the feature will split the replication range of a table when the number of modified rows per minute in the table exceeds 30000.
```

# * When `region-threshold` and `write-key-threshold` are configured at the same time:

> #   TiCDC will check if the number of modified rows is greater than `write-key-threshold` first.
> #   If not, next check if the number of Regions is greater than `region-threshold`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   TiCDC will check whether the number of modified rows is greater than `write-key-threshold` first.
#   If not, next check whether the number of Regions is greater than `region-threshold`.
```

> write-key-threshold = 0

Reviewer: In the Chinese version, it is 30000. See https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/13578#discussion_r1193557054. Please help check and keep them consistent.

> #   If not, next check whether the number of Regions is greater than `region-threshold`.
> write-key-threshold = 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   If not, next check whether the number of Regions is greater than `region-threshold`.
write-key-threshold = 30000
```

> write-key-threshold = 0

Author: ```suggestion
write-key-threshold = 30000
```
